tunnel_num 1 is found in 0.74 percent iterations
tunnel_num 2 is found in 0.5 percent iterations
tunnel_num 3 is found in 0.0 percent iterations
tunnel_num 4 is found in 0.58 percent iterations
tunnel_num 5 is found in 0.82 percent iterations
tunnel_num 6 is found in 0.28 percent iterations
tunnel_num 7 is found in 0.08 percent iterations
tunnel_num 8 is found in 0.04 percent iterations
tunnel_num 9 is found in 0.44 percent iterations
tunnel_num 10 is found in 0.02 percent iterations
tunnel_num 11 is found in 0.2 percent iterations
tunnel_num 12 is found in 0.68 percent iterations
tunnel_num 13 is found in 0.2 percent iterations
tunnel_num 14 is found in 0.64 percent iterations
tunnel_num 15 is found in 0.04 percent iterations
tunnel_num 16 is found in 0.06 percent iterations
tunnel_num 17 is found in 0.0 percent iterations
tunnel_num 18 is found in 0.64 percent iterations
tunnel_num 19 is found in 0.16 percent iterations
tunnel_num 20 is found in 0.08 percent iterations
tunnel_num 21 is found in 0.34 percent iterations
tunnel_num 22 is found in 0.1 percent iterations
tunnel_num 23 is found in 0.0 percent iterations
tunnel_num 24 is found in 0.02 percent iterations
tunnel_num 25 is found in 0.06 percent iterations
tunnel_num 26 is found in 0.0 percent iterations
tunnel_num 27 is found in 0.0 percent iterations
tunnel_num 28 is found in 0.0 percent iterations
tunnel_num 29 is found in 0.0 percent iterations
tunnel_num 30 is found in 0.0 percent iterations
overall success of rrt algoritm in finding tunnels found by caver: 0.224